# Numerical tests for sequential Bell tests

This repository contains the optimization scripts which produced the numerical results reported in two papers:

[1] Cheng, S., Liu, L., Baker, T. J., and Hall, M. J. W., “Limitations on sharing Bell nonlocality between sequential pairs of observers”, <i>arXiv preprints <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.11574">2102.11574</a> </i>, 2021.

[2] Cheng, S., Liu, L., Baker, T. J., and Hall, M. J. W., “Recycling qubits for the generation of Bell nonlocality between independent sequential observers”, <i>arXiv preprints <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.03472">2109.03472</a> </i>, 2021.

These scripts requires Python 3 with the latest version of SciPy installed. 

<h3> Contents. </h3>
  
<b> Paper [1]: </b> Subplots (a) and (b) were generated by performing parameter sweeps (over <I> w </I>) in the scripts <TT>passon_proxy.py</TT> and <TT>disordered_proxy.py</TT> respectively. The data which appear as the blue points are the results of these simulations, and can be found in <TT>converged_data_passon.txt</TT> and <TT>converged_data_disordered.txt</TT> respectively. The data are listed as pairs of points (w, S*(A_2,B_2)) points in each row.

Paper [2]: Similar parameter sweeps were run for a sequence of special cases, beginning with the script <TT>unbiased_proxy_passon.py</TT> which produced the orange curve in Fig. (2). (The blue points were reproduced from Paper [1] above). The restriction to the singlet state was verified to give the same results, using the script <TT>unbiased_proxy_passon_singlet.py</TT> (green squares in Fig. (2)). Furthermore, verifying that the same trade-offs were found by restricting Alice1 and Bob1's measurements to be in the same plane of the Bloch sphere followed from running <TT>unbiased_proxy_passon_planar.py</TT>. The outputs of this script were used to derive semi-analytic monogamy relations in Section IV.C of the paper, and are included in <TT>txt_outputs/unbiased_planar_singlet.txt</TT>.
